Chapter I

“I’m afraid there aren’t any Chefs available at such short notice” said the restaurant manager to the eager gentleman.
“Not even one?” he asked dejectedly.
“I’m sorry, Sir. Not even one.”
“But I’m desperate! I really need a chef for my book!”
“For your book?”
“Yeah, I’m writing a book – a novel if you please, which takes an in-depth look into a chef’s life gone awry. It’s gonna make me millions! Since I don’t know anything about chefs, I thought it would be nice to do a bit of research on them. You know how any writer worth his salt is supposed to research his characters to make his writing more believable? It’s called ‘getting under the skin of the character’ …..”
“Get out!” screamed the manager.
“Excuse me?”
“You want to hire a ‘Grandioso’ chef- one who is sought after by the elitist of the elite for some lousy book! It’s preposterous!”
“What? It’s not like I won’t pay him. In fact, he can have 1% of the royalties from the book sales…and an honourable mention in the book…though I can’t guarantee that I’ll use his real name – makes it seem more mysterious, you know?”
“Security!”
“I’m going! I’m going!”
As he walked away, Viz was still as determined as ever to get his writing career off the ground. He believed that he had found the easiest gimmick to get rich quickly – a writer was always only one best-seller away from becoming a billionaire, after all. And even though he didn’t know much about writing, he believed that ‘researching the character’ was absolutely essential. And since he was writing an epic science-fiction/fantasy/mystery with a chef as its protagonist, he needed a chef!
Viz looked around as he prodded on towards the bus stop. The street was full of fancy restaurants with glass windows. His eyes lit up as he saw a sign on one such window.
“Kitchen Help Wanted” it said.
“That amounts to a front row seat to a Chef’s performance” he thought. What better place to observe a chef than his kitchen itself. So, off he went to check if the vacancy still stood.
“I hope you have the requisite experience for the position?” the manager asked him after the preliminaries were complete.
“I can boil eggs.” Viz ventured.
“You’ve studied cooking at college, of course?”
“I boiled eggs when I was at college.” replied Viz earnestly. 
“I’m sorry but you’re unsuitable….” the manager was interrupted midway by a voice from behind the kitchen door.
”Send him in.” the voice said.“Chi, this is Viz. He’s the latest applicant” he said to the lone person in the kitchen.
“Hmm…” he said looking him over with uncertainty.
“But, he doesn’t have the skills or the expe….” the manager began, but was stopped by Chi yet again.
“Don’t bother. Tell me Viz, can you boil eggs?”
“Done it all my life.”
“You’re hired.” Chi said quickly.
“I’ll leave you two to get acquainted.” said the dazed manager as he left.
Viz scrutinised the kitchen. It was rectangular in shape and had cabinets, for appliances and dishes, at one end and wash-basins at the other. There was a large rectangular marble slab, built around a pillar, in the centre of the room where the major cooking related activities seemed to take place. A bunch of wires were plugged into a switchboard near the wash-basins. The other end of the wires vanished under a door to the side.
“Where is the rest of the staff?” Viz enquired, looking around at the empty kitchen.
“What staff?” Chi said distantly. He seemed to be busy scribbling in a small notebook he had just taken out.
“The cooking staff. You couldn’t possibly run a restaurant kitchen with just two people, can you?”
“Oh, we manage to get by.” His scribbling intensified.
“How?” asked a bewildered Viz.
“I suppose I’d better tell you all.”
Chi walked with measured steps across the room to the door and opened it carefully, almost cautiously. Viz followed him and peered inside with anticipation. 

Chapter II

Viz tried to make sense of what Chi was pointing at, but all he could see in the room was a bed. A pretty bed. A pretty pink bed covered with yellow polka dots. A pretty pink bed covered with yellow polka dots that was nailed to the ceiling. He was about to utter a bunch of words in Chi's direction, mostly beginning with 'wh-', but he had to stop himself. It had come to his sudden notice that the bed had turned into a human form and had floated down to face him. Chi thought for a moment, decided that no answer from Chi would be good enough for him at this point, and promptly fainted.

When Viz came to, he found himself lying on a bed in an unfamiliar room. He tried to recollect how he got there. He looked down at the bed and thought that it reminded him of something. He couldn't quite put his finger on it though. He shrugged his shoulders and closed his eyes to go back to sleep. After all, he was tired and the bed was really comfortable. It wasn't just comfortable, he thought, it was in fact the most comfortable bed he had ever slept on. He was making a mental note to go and seek out the owner post-nap and find out where he'd bought the bed from, when he remembered.

Chi heard the loud shriek followed by the even louder banging on the guest room door. He allowed himself a little smile before turning to his companion. “Morphy, he's up. Let's get ourselves introduced.” he said to the misty figure.

Morphy floated mistily to the drawing room door and waited patiently as Chi opened the door and asked Viz to calm down. He wondered if Viz would be able to help him out. But then he remembered the others that had come before him. This would end the same way too, he thought. Horribly.

“Morphy, meet Viz. Viz, meet Morphy.” Chi said with every bit of nonchalance that he could muster. He enjoyed these meetings.

“What is tha-that thing?” squeaked Viz, as he pointed an almost accusing finger at Morphy.

“He's an alien. And stop pointing, it's rude.”, said Chi as he slapped Viz's hand down.

“Nice to meet you, Viz” said Morphy.

“Uh...likewise...” was all Viz could manage to splutter out. 

"Maybe you should sit down."

Viz looked at the bed nervously.

"Don't worry, that one's just a plain old regular bed." chuckled Chi.

Viz sat on the bed reluctantly. He wouldn't be able to trust any beds for a while, he thought. He was immediately conscious of what an absurd fear that was and tried to compose himself. He looked up at the alien and studied him properly for the first time. Morphy wasn't very tall, in fact he was probably a few inches shorter than him. He had an almost perfectly round face and an even more perfectly spherical nose to complement it. The other 'human' features were pretty run-of-the-mill too. He was smartly but simply dressed in a striped t-shirt and long oxymoronic shorts. Morphy could almost have passed as one of them, Viz thought, if he didn't have just one eye. Of course, there was also the small matter of his skin being pink and yellow polka dotted and the fact that he could float in air.

Viz was trying to sift through his limited knowledge of science-fiction to remember whether Martians were supposed to be green or pink, when his thoughts were interrupted by Chi.

“Let me try to tell you all...again. And please try not to pass out this time.”



