At the moment, blackmail seems to work pretty well.
 The perfect taste
 Your job is to tag along with him and find the perfect recipe
Protect recipe. Use force if necessary
 How did he get to Earth?
 Introduce year suddenly?
 Alien from the past? Or from a planet. Memory loss. Cannot remember his mission. Cannot be discovered. Cannot return until mission is fulfilled.
You know why we manage to get by? Do you really want to know why? It's because we don't ever get any customers. Can turn my restaurant around if we did.
Chi ditches idea of writing chef book. Science fiction sells better!
What happened to the other people before him. Why did it end horribly?
Morphy – suggest a better name?
Viz was just glad that he hadn't been sleeping on Morphy.

Needs work/rejected/alternatives

Viz watched with curiosity as Chi whispered something in what looked like Morphy's ear. He thought it strange that he hadn't noticed the ear before...had he just grown one? But, he was forced to drop that line of thought because of what happened next. Chi and Morphy had suddenly disappeared from beside him, and had apparently also managed to take the entire surroundings with them, leaving him enveloped by a cold, calm darkness. He seemed to be floating in mid air in the darkness with no apparent effort or discomfort. And then the entire scenery changed back to what it was earlier.

“What just happened?” Viz asked Chi.
“We just travelled back about 323 days back in time. That's all.” replied Chi glibly.

Viz looked outside the window as he tried to process this information and noticed that the day had turned to night.

“And a few hours.” added Morphy.

“Yes. Come, let me show you what happened that night, or rather, this night.”
Chi opened the door slightly and peered outside.
“There I am, working on my recipes. It shouldn't be long now. Let's get to the back of the restaurant.”

Chi grabbed Viz by the shoulder and led him through the door that opened into the back. Morphy followed them dutifully.

The back of the restaurant was cut off from the main road by a tall fence, The entire area was covered by overgrown weed.   
“Quick! Hide in the ”

“What just happened?” Viz asked him, but was ignored. He asked again, but Chi didn't acknowledge his presence. Frustrated and more that a little disoriented, he was about to raise his voice to a scream when he heard Chi's voice in his head.

“Don't bother. I, or rather he, won't be able to see or hear you. If you haven't guessed already, you're currently a spectator in the past. In my past, to be precise. You'll be able to experience what happened that fateful day yourself, in person. Pretty cool, you'll have to admit. You can't touch anything or be seen. Think of it as a very complex implementation of virtual reality, brought to you courtesy of Morphy's planet...did you hear that? That was the crash! Follow me to the back of the restaurant! Quick!”

Viz trundled after Chi apprehensively.

“A little faster, if you please? Trust me, you don't wanna miss this!” Chi was mildly aware that he was overdoing the voiceover bit, but he was having too much fun to tone it down. It made him feel like the narrator in his own biopic.
